Friday night's action fellow say led the
cardiff devils adds onto the ice Shawn
limp wrote was ready as worth the
Sheffield steel is their first of three
games in three nights this one a
challenge cup game against the cardiff
devils don't worry big tom was in town
and he was to have a big night a big
weekend but the Sheffield Steelers well
second power player the night is the
first period came to an end mark smith
was sat in the penalty box Jeff flick we
would weave whose magic as it does so
often it's setting up drew fatter in the
Believix 60 seconds after penalty was
called fatto about how weeks ago and the
Sheffield Steelers laid up by a goal to
kneel closing seconds of the first
period gold couldn't have come at a
better time stitute oh and sharing adams
the screen o sacred and sedo seer
couldn't stop it fans were happy now
with one second to go in that first
period fatter took a holding minor this
is the first two minutes of the second
period fat is just about to come onto
the ice just as bad at least 11 then
gave us got a tip Mark Smith shot from
the blue line was just tipped own the
Carroll couldn't see it again could do
nothing about the tip from Davies and we
are tied at one apiece you can see their
big junk antsy and what bike John can't
see big junk and stuff shaky second
period for the Sheffield Steelers and
how wits at this time from Tyson Marsh
2524 then devils lead 2-1 Faulkner
picking up an assist Saudi blight again
big junk car thieves goes through
traffic it's 21 to leave cardiff devils
sheffield got on the scoreboard Sean
limp right keep your eye on Jeff look we
look we drives and it linked Brandt
makes the pass
goes past those here we are tied at two
apiece
we promise to have a big night of the
steel as you can see he patiently waits
is looking for the stick of League we
but it ricocheted zan it rebounds like
beat so sehr steel is back tied to a
piece now we're not showing another
replay the limp right goal though you
might think we are about to keep your
eye on this one drop pass this time
Steven Goodson he's looking for haps for
the sticker Sestito doesn't find it time
for back of the net to my similar is
next great play by so Tito driving the
net great play by Goethe who finds the
back of the neck Steelers lead 32 at
31-17 big an important goal each state
three two all the way through the second
and pretty much all the way through the
foot there are just four minutes
remaining as the cardiff devils throw
everything at Big John's goal great play
by Danny Meyer's and carries his buddy
will throat but captain Stuart McRae's
need to tip own from an inch away and he
ties the game at three apiece you'll get
a better view of it here Phil Hill truck
stop by Danny Meyer's but there was
johnny on the spot and the crate may be
33 now blight the beer and fall catalog
we bleep right and fatter it was 11 at
the end of the first round of shootout
blight and look we win again you'll
sleep the beer misses the second shooter
is sudden death which mate if drew
fatter but beat felocea the Sheffield
Steelers between the penalty shootout he
then one going 0 ser he goes I glove and
he beats fear oh say and the sheffield
steelers win the shootout win this
challenge cup game
final score of four goals to three a
lovely finish it stays furiously missed
it what a lovely finish by drew fatter
to climb all the points for the
Sheffield Steelers an important win Game
one of the weekend Big John stick to one
win one guy who steals at all I could
feel a thing right I was a great game of
hockey tonight yeah I mean that that's a
that's a very good hiking club we just
beat I mean there's not a lot of
weaknesses in that team and they came
out as hard you know I i we didn't
expect them to come out hard in the
first period we I thought we came out
well and you know it took us probably
ten minutes to match him and he said
that that's a very good hockey club and
I thought it was a good game of hockey
you know back and forth and that we had
some chance of standing over time and
both goalies played well but at the end
of the day you know it was a good game
of hockey very very good day mocking I
guess I both goalies had plenty to do
tonight and both of them played well
interesting second period obviously
Cardiff call me straight back and then
Sheffield then hit him back themselves
yeah yeah it seems to be the way things
go with us you know sometimes we fall
into a lull and it takes some like
getting scored on before we wake up and
you know I thought the guys controlled
the last 12 minutes and we played we
played the way we need to play for 60
and I said you know third period we
thought we were in good control and you
know they get a they squeak went out
there and tie it with three or four
minutes left and you know that's the way
it goes that's way the game goes and
it's where the league is this here it's
that tight you know it's a it's one
mistake here in there and it's a
difference going to win a loss but like
I said you know I'm happy happy we got
the win it was good shootout you know
you go to shoot oh you never know what
can happen we mixed up the shoot over
bit and through through a few guys and
that's why we do that's why we do that's
why we practice shootouts in during the
week is you can throw the fattest and
the limp rights in there and I thought
you know they obviously leggies kind of
the stalemate easy is usually pretty
good on him so but and the day was a it
was a hard-fought victory pressure on
the approach wasn't that because if you
miss it's game over any finished really
well sorry I exactly you know that's the
toughest shot you need to do or die and
a lot on his shoulders and everybody
watching them but I was it was great
shot and that's a very good goalie he
beat so overall I'm happy I'm happy at
the win you know obviously yeah I think
your people expect you to come in and
your own barn and blow teams away and
that's just not going to happen
here the teams are too tight right
across the board especially in our
division and you know like tonight but
you know we didn't make that many
mistakes and everything everyone we did
they found the back of the next they're
good hockey club
you